feature/eng-4292-add-shift-assignment-and-shift-creation-as-templates-in (#415)
nextmv-io/sdk: templates/routing-ortools/README.md

# Routing with OR-Tools

> This app solves a routing problem using [OR-Tools][or-tools]. Given a distance
> matrix (and with it indirectly the stops), a number of vehicles and a depot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app solves an unconstrained routing problem using [OR-Tools][or-tools]. Given a distance
matrix (and with it indirectly the stops), a number of vehicles and a depot.
```

The most important files created are `main.py` and `input.json`.

* `main.py` implements a MIP knapsack solver.
* `input.json` is a sample input file.

## Usage

Follow these steps to run locally.

1. Make sure that all the required packages are installed:

    ```bash
    pip3 install -r requirements.txt
    ```

1. Run the command below to check that everything works as expected:

    ```bash
    python3 main.py -input input.json -output output.json -duration 30
    ```

> 1. A file `output.json` should have been created with the optimal knapsack
>    solution.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A file `output.json` should have been created with a solution to the routing problem. 

```

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://github.com/nextmv-io/sdk/assets/11454283/baa45c80-cbd2-41bd-8acf-2f9c4caa756a)
